Alternative PR to add MUSTs in multiple-frame section (#149)
quicwg/ack-frequency: draft-ietf-quic-ack-frequency.md

as the receiver will ignore duplicate or out-of-order ACK_FREQUENCY frames
based on the Sequence Number.

An endpoint MAY send multiple ACK_FREQUENCY frames with different values within a

> connection. However, the Sequence Number field allows reordered ACK_FREQUENCY frames
> to be received and processed, see {{Section 13.3 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. A sending

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connection. The Sequence Number field allows reordered ACK_FREQUENCY frames
to be received and processed in the intended order, see {{Section 13.3 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. A sending
```

endpoint MUST send monotonically increasing values in the Sequence Number field.
A receiving endpoint MUST ignore a received ACK_FREQUENCY frame if the Sequence Number

> value is not greater than the largest seen thus far.

Author: ```suggestion
value is not greater than the largest processed thus far.
```

for the first ACK_FREQUENCY frame it constructs and sends, and a strictly

> increasing value thereafter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
increasing value thereafter.  The sequence number allows reordered ACK_FREQUENCY frames to be received and processed, see {{Section 13.3 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.
```

> An endpoint might receive an ACK_FREQUENCY frame out of order
> (see {{Section 13.3 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}).

Author: ```suggestion
```

> The endpoint MUST ignore the frame if the Sequence Number is smaller than the last processed Sequence Number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endpoint MUST ignore the frame if the Sequence Number is not larger than the last processed Sequence Number.
```

> The enpoint MUST ignore the frame if the Sequence Number is smaller than the last processed Sequence Number.

Author: ```suggestion
The endpoint MUST ignore the frame if the Sequence Number is smaller than the last processed Sequence Number.
```

> The endpoint MUST ignore the frame if the Sequence Number is smaller than the last processed Sequence Number.
> Otherwise, the endpoint MUST update its state with values received
> in this frame, including the processed largest Sequence Number.

Author: To make it even shorter we could just remove the last sentence here or use this sentence instead:
```suggestion
The endpoint MUST only process the other fields
 if the Sequence Number is larger than the last processed Sequence Number.
```
However, "MUST only" is probably not great to use for normative requirements....

Reviewer: How about "MUST process the other fields if and only if the Sequence Number is larger than the last and largest processed Sequence Number."
